c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Debug\BaseApp.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Debug\BaseApp.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Debug\BaseApp.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Debug\BaseApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Debug\BaseApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Debug\BaseApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Debug\BaseApp.g.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Debug\BaseApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Debug\BaseApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Debug\BaseApp.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Debug\BaseApp.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Dropbox\DevProjects\kinectcapturev2\BaseApp\bin\Debug\BaseApp.exe.config
C:\Users\admin\Dropbox\DevProjects\kinectcapturev2\BaseApp\obj\Debug\BaseApp.exe
C:\Users\admin\Dropbox\DevProjects\kinectcapturev2\BaseApp\obj\Debug\BaseApp.pdb
