c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Release\BaseApp.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Release\BaseApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Release\BaseApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Release\BaseApp.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Release\BaseApp.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Release\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Release\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Release\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Release\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Release\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Release\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Release\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\bin\Release\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Release\BaseApp.g.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Release\BaseApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Release\BaseApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Release\BaseApp.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseApp\BaseApp\obj\Release\BaseApp.pdb
